You've seen how autonomous vehicles
sense their environments and then use that information
to lower their uncertainty and improve
their predictions about a car's movement and surroundings.
But how do autonomous vehicles actually represent uncertainty in the real world?
They use probability and probability distributions.
Probability distributions are a mathematical way to
represent uncertainty across all possible outcomes.
For example, in the case of locating a vehicle,
the possible outcomes are all the places where the vehicle could be.
When a vehicle first turns on the car has no idea where it is.
How do you think you could represent this initial uncertainty mathematically?